I'm movin different. This shit ain't nothin to me man.
I'm a dog. I'm bitin the fart bubbles in the bath.
We smokin Symbiotes. Smokin that Whoopi Goldber, south Egyptian, Furburger deluxe, Mega Millions scratcher, skunk, Bubba kush.
We smokin' dung beetle.
I'm on twelve Vicodin smokin on Scooby-Doo dick
We smokin sequioa banshee boogers
We snortin that good buffalo soldier, tamarind, Jordanian jibbies.
They must have amnesia, they forgot that I'm him.
That Burberry Backwoods pack hittin.
That pussy smell like a Hellcat V8.
We smokin shit in a glass pipe, blowin the Lord's bubbles.
I'm sick in the head.
I'm on them Broward County Tic-Tacs. I'm on them Georgetown Geronimos. I'm on them Nashville nibblers.
I left my Margielas in the Benz truck.
I'll have to stunt on them next time.
I don't give a fuck if I go blind. I don't need to see the price tag anyways.
I'm high on twelve Jason Bournes, lookin to beat the cum out of a thick, fresh oak.
We're smokin filtered crack, you stupid piece of shit.
I'll fuckin kill you.
Call that pussy The Matrix because I'm in this bitch and I can't get out.
Last guy who ran off on the pack got choked out by some Givenchy gloves. The last thing he ever saw was the price tag on them. Slowly faded into darkness and I let the archangels take him.
I need more sequoia banshee boogers.
Don't be shy, girl, I love me some pastrami mud flaps.
I'm movin like French Montana. Hahh?
Welcome to the cream kingdom, bitch. Open up Blac Chyna, I'd drink her piss out of another man's balls.
My shooter a crackhead. He look like Woody Harrelson.
You ain't seen ten bands in your life, jit.
Reach for my neck, you'll get turned into an example.
Y'all gotta stop playin with me, man.
I threw diamonds at the strip clubs under the Great Pyramids.
I pushed the camel through the eye of a needle.
Tied the ops to the back of a Trackhawk and dragged em around the block for 24-hours. Motherfucker looked like a Resident Evil 5 campaign extra after we was done with him.
Ops wanted some initiative, blew up their entire quadrant.
I'm movin like Oppenheimer.
She dropped that ass on me from an egregarious angle, they thought I was Steven Wallace.
Top shelf zaza disrupted my circadian rhythm.
I have seen the Magna Carta. I've seen the Eye of Horus. I was flippin bricks for Mansa Musa before y'all even became a type-1 civilization.
This shit ain't nothin to me, you stupid piece of shit.
Step the wrong way and you will perish.
That pussy feel like Biscoff butter.
You think I care about this shit? Ask me if I care about this shit, cause I don't give a shit. If I had a dollar for everytime they said I gave a shit, I'd be broke cause I don't give a shit.
My bitch look like David Hasselhoff.
I balled so hard they thought I was a fuckin nutsack
This shit aint nothin to me, man. I'll kill you, you stupid piece of shit.
